Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
For the house class, I decides to overload the constructor by setting the default constructor with valus of names and address unknown, # of floors to be 1, and say the house would have neither a dining room nor an elevator. Then I had a constructor for name, address and # of floors only, which aims for the houses that just don't have a dining room or an elevator. I also had another one for name, address, # of floors and dining room for the houses that has a dining room. (I didn't do another one for elevators as then it would have two constructor with the same call signatures..) And the last constructor I had for the house class is the full constructor for name, address, # of floors, dining room and elevators.
The default constructor for library class starts with unknown name and address, 1 floor and a collection of temporarily no books in. I had one constructor with only name and address (supposing there's library with only 1 floor..) and the full constructor with name, address and # of floors.
For the cafe class, the default constructor also starts with unknown name and address and 1 floor, where I let the cafe have some inventory (100 ounces of coffee, 100 packets of sugar, 100 splashes of cream and 100 cups) from the beginnng. I had one constructor with only name and address (the cafe may only have one floor) and the other full constructor with name, address and # of floors.
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
At the commented place, please find a very simple interactive version of the map. It can do basic things, however, there're definitely more things to check and implement..(as I didn't check all the detailed method). So I hope I could improve it in future works.